1. what is node.js?
-Node.js may be a single-threaded runtime environment for building scalable and fast server-side applications.
-Node.js is a very powerful framework developed on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine.
It is accustomed create server-side web applications by compiling JavaScript directly
into native code, and extends the JavaScript API to produce common server-side functionality.

2. List down the most important benefits of using Node.js?
There are 7 benefits.
1. it's easy to code sharing and reuse with Node.js
2. you'll be able to develop application fast.
3. There are many free tools for node.js.
4. Everything is asynchronous
5. It seldom blocks.
6. it's highly scalable.
7. Its application never buffer any data.

3. what's the difference between Asynchronous and non-blocking?
There are several differences between them.
-Non-blocking responds immediately, whereas Asynchronous doesn't respond
immediately.
-Asynchronous improves the efficiency by doing the task fast because the response
might come later, meanwhile, can complete the opposite tasks.
-Asynchronous is employed with a good range of operations while non-blocking is
especially used with I/O.

4. what's Web Sockets?
The WebSockets is one  of the advanced technologies that permits you to
make sure a two-way communication session between a user's browser and a server.
This API allows you to send messages to and receive responses from the server
without having to poll the server.
Unlike HTTP, it starts from ws:// or wss://.
As it could be a stateful protocol, which implies the connection between client and
server will keep alive until it's terminated by either side(client or server). the
connection is closed from both ends after closing the connection by either of the
client and server.

5. What are the most Web Socket API events?
They are open, close, message and error events.
Socket.onopen, Socket.onclose, Socket.onmessage, Socket.onerror are
corresponding Event handlers.
Open and shut events occurs when socket connection is established or closed.
Message event occurs when a client receives data from server and error event
occurs when a blunder occurs.

6. What are the benefits of Web Sockets?
First, web sockets provide great speed.
In other words, there's little delay between the request and therefore the response.
It’s much faster than HTTP.
Second, it allows two-way communication. You'll be able to send and receive data.

8. what's express.js?
Express is one of the foremost popular Node.js web app server framework.
It provides robust backends for web and mobile apps.
